en,zh: add a tip for configure a TiKV Pod (#1707)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/tips.md

This document describes the commonly used tips for troubleshooting TiDB in Kubernetes.

> ## Use the debug mode

Author: 我觉得 debug mode 合适，cc @DanielZhangQD

Reviewer: LGTM

> **Note:**
>
> The modification by this method is temporary and not persistent. When  the Pod is restarted, the original configuration will be used.

### Modify manually in diagnostic mode

After the TiKV Pod enter diagnostic mode, you can modify the configuration of TiKV, then specify the modified configuration and start the TiKV process manually.

The steps are as follows:

1. Get the start command from the TiKV log, it is used in following steps.
   
    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl logs pod ${pod_name} -n ${namespace} -c tikv | head -2 | tail -1
    ```

    The output is similar to the following, and this line is the start command.

    ```shell
    /tikv-server --pd=http://${tc_name}-pd:2379 --advertise-addr=${pod_name}.${tc_name}-tikv-peer.default.svc:20160 --addr=0.0.0.0:20160 --status-addr=0.0.0.0:20180 --data-dir=/var/lib/tikv --capacity=0 --config=/etc/tikv/tikv.toml
    ```

    > **Note:**
    >
    > If the TiKV Pod is in the `CrashLoopBackoff` state, can't get the start command from the log, you can splice the start command by using the above command format.

2. Turn on diagnostic mode for the Pod and restart the Pod.
   

>     Add an annotation to the Pod and wait for the Pod restarted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Add an annotation to the Pod and wait for the Pod to restart.
```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl annotate pod ${pod_name} -n ${namespace} runmode=debug
    ```

>     If Pod is running, restart the container forcedly by the following command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If the Pod keeps running, you can force restart the container by running the following command:
```

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}
  
    ```shell
    kubectl exec ${pod_name} -n ${namespace} -c tikv -- kill -SIGTERM 1
    ```

>     Check the log of TiKV to ensure it is in diagnostic mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Check the log of TiKV to ensure that the Pod is in diagnostic mode.
```
